$Id$

-----
ABOUT
-----

CDDB is a high-level interface to databases based on the Compact Disc
Database protocol.

Starting in version 1.04, CDDB.pm will contact freedb.org servers by
default.  This change is in response to Gracenote denying CDDB.pm
connections and failing to answer my e-mail.

cddb.com's developer license is for end-user applications; not
third-party libraries.  This makes CDDB.pm ineligible for access to
cddb.com servers.  This author will not pursue further cddb.com
access.

Developers using CDDB.pm may continue to attempt connections to
cddb.com servers, but there are no guarantees it will work.

-------------
COMPATIBILITY
-------------

CDDB.pm uses standard Perl modules.  It has been tested on OS/2, MacOS
and FreeBSD systems, as well as the systems listed at:

	http://testers.cpan.org/search?request=dist&dist=CDDB

If you want to submit disc information to the CDDB, you will need to
install two other modules:

	Mail::Internet will allow CDDB.pm to send email submissions, and it
	automagically includes Mail::Header.

	MIME::QuotedPrint will allow CDDB.pm to send non-ASCII text
	unscathed.  Currently only ISO-8859-1 and ASCII are supported.

All other features will work without these modules.

---------------
GETTING STARTED
---------------

To build and test this distribution, type:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make test

The final test will try to send a sample submission to the CDDB if
MailTools is present.  It expects to find an SMTP host in the SMTPHOST
environment variable.  It will fall back to "mail" if SMTPHOST doesn't
exist.  If neither works, the test will be skipped.  To see why it's
skipped:

	make test TEST_VERBOSE=1

Some of the tests (most notably numbers 25, 27 and 29) compare data
returned by a cddbp server against a stored copy of a previous query.
These tests fail occasionally since the database is constantly in
flux.  Starting with version 1.00, the test program uses fuzzy
comparisons that should fail less.  Version 1.04 saw even fuzzier
comparisons.  Please let me know if there are any problems.

If you're satisfied with the test results:

	make install

Thanks for reading!

-- Rocco Caputo / rcaputo@cpan.org
